# Quick start

**Race Engineering Center** supports the following simulators:

- iRacing
- Assetto Corsa
- Assetto Corsa Competizione
- RaceRoom Racing Experience

## Gather telemetry from iRacing

The recommended way to gather telemetry from iRacing is to import telemetry files
generated by the sim (.ibt). To do this press the Alt+L hotkey when driving. The little
red connection icon should appear on the iRacing sim interface. For more details on
saving iRacing telemetry please refer to the iRacing user manual.

When you finish your laps your telemetry files will be saved in your
`Documents/iRacing/telemetry` folder. You can then import them into
[Analyzer](analyzer/analyzer.md)

To import iRacing ibt files select Import in [Analyzer](analyzer/analyzer.md) main menu
or main toolbar, in a dropdown list select iRacing plugin and select files to import. If
you plan to work with these laps further, you can import them to your lap library. To do
that select laps you want to import in the lap tree in [Analyzer](analyzer/analyzer.md),
right click and select "Import selected laps to library". You can also import all laps
to library in this context menu.

## Recording realtime telemetry with Recorder

To gather telemetry from other sources it's recommended to use
[Recorder](recorder/recorder.md) - a real-time telemetry recording tool bundled with
Race Engineering Center.

Usually with realtime recording each lap is saved to library right after it's finished,
all files appear in your telemetry folder and can be accessed from Lap library window.
You can drag-n-drop them from library to [Analyzer](analyzer/analyzer.md) lap tree to
load and analyze.
